Add Fleet/Agent release notes for 8.5 (#2264)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.5.asciidoc

:kib-issue: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/
:kibana-pull: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/
:agent-issue: https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/
:beats-issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:agent-libs-pull: https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent-libs/pull/
:agent-pull: https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/
:fleet-server-issue: https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/issues/
:fleet-server-pull: https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server/pull/

[[release-notes]]
= Release notes

This section summarizes the changes in each release.

* <<release-notes-8.5.0>>

Also see:

* {kibana-ref}/release-notes.html[{kib} release notes]
* {beats-ref}/release-notes.html[{beats} release notes]

// begin 8.5.0 relnotes

[[release-notes-8.5.0]]
== {fleet} and {agent} 8.5.0

Review important information about the {fleet} and {agent} 8.5.0 release.

[discrete]
[[breaking-changes-8.5.0]]
=== Breaking changes

Breaking changes can prevent your application from optimal operation and
performance. Before you upgrade, review the breaking changes, then mitigate the
impact to your application.

[discrete]
[[breaking-PR1709]]

> .{fleet-server} now rejects certificates signed with SHA-1

Reviewer: This applies to both fleet server and agent.

> .{fleet-server} now rejects certificates signed with SHA-1

Author: ```suggestion
.{fleet-server} and {agent} now reject certificates signed with SHA-1
```
